Helps me with my depression/PTSD without making me unable to work or function, however it didn't do as much for my pain issues as heavier indicas do.

Good for daytime PTSD medication.

Strong, relaxing, helps my chronic pain and PTSD. It's not good for thinking but sometimes that's a good thing.

Now as a PTSD patient, who has not had a real nights sleep in 9 years, this stuff is awesome.

I've had 5 back surgeries and suffer from ptsd so any vet looking for something for daytime, this is great!

This is one of the best strains for my PTSD which I have ever consumed, and I know other people that live with the condition who strongly agree.

BEST.  PTSD.  STRAIN.  EVER.

Great for PTSD day symptoms without any sleepyness.

This gave us energy, extreme focus and motivation as well as helping with stress, depression and my PTSD.

Definitely recommend for anyone with PTSD/ vivid nightmares!

I suffer from ptsd/tbi and its the best evening bedtime strain for me.

I have PTSD and as a veteran, it's difficult for me to explain how much marijuana helped me more than pills would ever do.

Helped me a lot with stress, anxiety and PTSD. Day time strain for sure.

No damn PTSD &  Noo Chronic Pain that I'm aware of!!😋..I  HighLY recommend this SOCIAL-SATIVA-STRAIN for Wake' n

One of the few strains I have come across that has helped with my bipolar disorder and PTSD.

My PTSD is a result of sexual abuse/rapes.

I suffer from PTSD with related night terrors and last night was the first night in a long time that I was able to make it through the night with out waking up screaming.

I suffer from PTSD and Adult ADHD and this one helps me focus better.

not good for sleep or PTSD as this can inspire vivid imagination

Helped cut through my PTSD and anxiety without making me feel like I was tripping balls.

I suffer from PTSD and chronic pain and this strain gives perfect relief for both symptoms, especially for daytime use.

I find it effective for workday treatment of my depression, anxiety, and PTSD.

Alaskan Ice also used to be my go to, but this strain is my favorite for daytime relief for PTSD, anxiety, and stress.

Great for PTSD and insomnia.

Veteran here. found this to be the best for any anxiety/ptsd issues.had a very heavy bod feel.

This CBD rich strain is absolutely perfect for PTSD symptoms and pain.

It did not help my ptsd, in fact made me MORE depressed !

This is perfect for my bipolar and PTSD. It makes me so happy and uplifted, it makes me forget there is anything wrong with me.

Best for nighttime great to help with insomnia ptsd depression anxiety.

I've only made edibles with this strain, they were tasty and effective for my bipolar condition and PTSD.  The effect was amazing and saved my life literally.

I suffer from "chronic neck down to my butt pain" and I also suffer from "Combat PTSD" as I am a Kuwait/Iraq War Veteran.

Great for PTSD and that Iamonthewallandneedtogetoffnow! feeling.

Vets in pain, and dealing with PTSD (for me anyway) this is a great strain for everyday life!

love this strain, tastes great smells good and does wonders for my PTSD. Harlequin has become my daily go to for day time activities.

I am a veteran suffering with ptsd but need to focus on my job during the day.

clears my PTSD addled brain ables me to focus and run an office while doing so. :-)

It takes away the compulsion to hulk-smash anything when anger (PTSD) gets to be too much.

I'm fond of this strain to help with PTSD & depression issues, it's great for daytime use and often available in my area.

This is one of the top 5 PTSD strains and I have been looking for it forever!

Brought on anxiety, not for ptsd patients.

I have a medical card for PTSD, and with that comes bouts of anxiety attacks and general anxiety, this is my favorite strain to curb that anxiety.

I also have PTSD, and when those overwhelming, mind crushing anxiety attaches hit a couple puffs and away they go.

I just wanted to say after trying Chemdawg after years of smoking other top but different strains, it was like a key to my cerebral lock and my PTSD symptoms either minimized or disappeared.

I have PTSD & I have grown to like this strain B/c of the nice relaxation effect which helps me sleep w/o nightmares.

Really helpful for PTSD flashback nightmares.

Really great for PTSD, no more 3am crying spells.

Great strain must have 4 day time anxiety relief PTSD or  chronic pain.

I've had 5 back surgeries and suffer from ptsd so any vet looking for something for daytime, this is great!

I have PTSD and usually with that sativas are a bad idea, but this one was a perfect day time strain for me.

Helps with PTSD issue especially with the insomnia.

Helps with PTSD issue especially with the insomnia.

This is the worst strain I've tried to treat my PTSD which is ironic because the best strain I've had is a hybrid child of Sour Diesel (Headband).

Great for my arthritis, joint pain, depression, and PTSD induced insomnia.

Excellent for managing PTSD without losing energy.
